* Gojo binary version control
	Have a game.gojo_version = "some_ver" in gojo scripts to prevent running on 
	an incorrect gojo version.
		Feesh's response: Good idea! however this will only be possible
		once we reach a stable. Which could be either really soon... or
		a long way away.

* Standard libraries: sprite, tile/map/scroll, effects
	sprite - for sprites!
	tile - for making maps
	effects - for explosions, fire, water, camera shake, fade in/out, 
		Feesh's response: Sprite is a check! Tile is a check (WIP)
		as for effects- very good idea, very hard to implement hehe, 
		really liking the fade in's and fade outs, as well as camera
		shaking. I'll try and come up with clever / quick methods to
		do these.

	physics - a customizable physics engine that you can have set to work
		against all or some sprites. Should be able to set friction, accel,
		speed, and a point or points or line that has gravitational pull.
		2d should be fairly simple. 3d or 2.5d would be great.
		Feesh's response: I can see this being perhaps, not entirely difficult
		but very processor intensive. I'll try my best to come up with some
		neat demos though.

	wireframe3d - a whole lot more complicated and possibly too CPU intensive,
		but I recall some very interesting and fun wireframe 3d shooters
		from the DOS days. a standard lib for handing 3d space and wireframe
		objects would be great. (would have to use files that specify points
		that make up an object rather than using pictures.)
		Feesh's response: 3D hurts my brain :(. I don't know enough to make
		a system for this, if I hit a point where there is nothing left to 
		implement, I'll play around with this.

* IMPLEMENT WORDWRAP ON RSoD TEXT *DONE DONE DONE*
	Currently when a fatal error occurs, red text is blasted onto the screen.
	That's great, but if you don't have a stderr to read the full message, 
	your left high and dry. Going to implement this when I have a nice
	stash of coffee.

* Add UDP Socket Support
	UDP is the general standard of game networking nowadays- so ... how about
	we add the support for them! Shouldn't be too hard to do this, I'll get to
	work on it tomorrow- the best part is that the function names won't change
	for different socket types :D.

* Skinnable GUI API
	Why not? Allows gui apps to be easily made. Can be useful for menus or
	setting up configuration options in a game.
	Feesh's Response: IN PROGRESS!

* Tilemap Collision Map - Compressable [ y / n ] variable
	The Tilemap's collision map is a replica of the actual map
	that gets drawn to screen. It could be possible to minimise
	it to a pixel per tile for games that don't use per pixel
	collision detection.
